nominated for six Academy Awards Frida
Kahlo was one of the most original women
of her time come here for fun or to
flirt if I'm not good enough I have to
do something else to help my parents hey
listen if you think I'm going to sleep
with you just because you've taken me
under your wing you're wrong I was
painting murals and womanizing in peace
when you came along behind the romance
we'll have to get married you know I
didn't believe in that of course I do
I've had to what are they do Diego and
Frida behind the glamour you paint her
too mrs. Rivera just killing time she's
much better than me you see behind the
madness
lies the mystery of one of the most
seductive and most intriguing women of
ours or any time and loved her paintings
Academy Award nominee Salma Hayek Alfred
Molina and tonio Banderas Valerio Galina
Ashley John Mia maestro
Edward Norton and Geoffrey Rush Frida
[Music]